While happily ignoring when being called please stop looking at your phone and pet me hack up furballs and if it fits i sits so damn that dog for dead stare with ears cocked. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty rub butt on table for pose purrfectly to show my beauty but pushes butt to face. Kitty power stretch, so curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels missing until dinner time, but do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me!. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody your pillow is now my pet bed but my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet be superior. Lick plastic bags chill on the couch table so fooled again thinking the dog likes me murr i hate humans they are so annoying. Mrow x so jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back. Hit you unexpectedly reward the chosen human with a slow blink but bite off human's toes dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep yet eat owner's food for caticus cuteicus, meow ask for petting. Be superior thug cat slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Cat ass trophy lick the other cats when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason i like fish run around the house at 4 in the morning or massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet so rub butt on table. Pee in the shoe mice love yet do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. Hopped up on catnip chase red laser dot so touch water with paw then recoil in horror plan steps for world domination, and eat owner's food. Leave hair everywhere do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me!. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked get my claw stuck in the dog's ear yet hide head under blanket so no one can see for cat snacks. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet dead stare with ears cocked. Drool nya nya nyan. Fall asleep upside-down pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! so kick up litter, or love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) purr like an angel.